feat: documenting android proxy and get a token services (#50)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/sdks/mobile/android/services.mdx

As you can see from this example, the `createToken` function is capable of resolving the raw data
from references to Element inputs. This enables your application to tokenize sensitive data values without
needing to touch the raw data directly.

### createSession

To retrieve sensitive data on Android, you'll need to create a `session` and use its `sessionKey` for making requests securely.
To accomplish this, simply call the `createSession` function like this:

```kotlin showLineNumbers
val session = bt.createSession()
```

This returns a [CreateSessionResponse](/docs/api/applications/sessions#create-session-response-object)

> which contains a `nonce` that needs to be used to [authorize the session](/docs/api/applications/sessions#authorize-session) before using it.

Reviewer: This should link to https://developers.basistheory.com/docs/guides/govern/sessions

### getToken

This function wraps the [get a token API endpoint](/docs/api/tokens/#get-a-token) to

> be able to get a single strongly typed token. It then transforms the token's data to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
retrieve a single strongly typed token. It then transforms the token's data to
```

value references which you can use to [set the value](/docs/sdks/mobile/android/types#methods) of your elements without touching

> the plaintext value and getting into compliance scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the plaintext value and pulling your application into compliance scope.
```

```kotlin showLineNumbers
val getTokenResponse = bt.getToken("<tokenId>")
```

### proxy

This function receives a [ProxyRequest](/docs/sdks/mobile/android/services#proxyrequest) and wraps the [proxy API endpoint](/docs/api/proxies/invoke-proxy) to

> be able to proxy a request to a third party API. It then transforms the response to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
proxy a request to a third party API. It then transforms the response to
```

value references which you can then use to [set the value](/docs/sdks/mobile/android/types#methods) of your elements without touching

> the plaintext value and getting into compliance scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the plaintext value and pulling your application into compliance scope.
```

| `post(proxyRequest: ProxyRequest, apiKeyOverride: String? = null): Any?`   | Performs a proxy POST request.   |
| `put(proxyRequest: ProxyRequest, apiKeyOverride: String? = null): Any?`    | Performs a proxy PUT request.    |
| `patch(proxyRequest: ProxyRequest, apiKeyOverride: String? = null): Any?`  | Performs a proxy PATCH request.  |
| `delete(proxyRequest: ProxyRequest, apiKeyOverride: String? = null): Any?` | Performs a proxy DELETE request. |

#### ProxyRequest

| Attribute     | Required | Type                   | Default      | Description                                                                                             |
|---------------|----------|------------------------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `path`        | false    | _String?_              | `null`       | The sub-path of the HTTP URL.                                                                           |
| `queryParams` | false    | _Map<String, String>?_ | `emptyMap()` | Map of query parameters to include in the request.                                                      |

> | `headers`     | false    | _Map<String, String>?_ | `emptyMap()` | Map of headers to include in the request.                                                               |

Reviewer: I'm having this thought late here in the docs, but technically, query params and headers can be repeated with the same name, so it might be more correct to make these some sort of array of pairs instead of maps. We may never run into that use case from here though...

Author: interesting, the java sdk receives a map for headers but for query params it does receive a list of pairs instead
